% IAIP: What's New -- 2022

*Previously:*
[2021](changelog-2021.html) |
[2020](changelog-2020.html) |
[2019](changelog-2019.html) |
[2018](changelog-2018.html) |
[2017](changelog-2017.html) |
[2016](changelog-2016.html) |
[2015](changelog-2015.html) |
[2014](changelog-2014.html) |
[2013](changelog-2013.html)

## Version 6.5.0 <span>(2022-11-30)</span>

The permit application tracking log has been updated to better handle generic permits and to warn the user if an invalid permit number has been entered. These changes should improve the accuracy of the issued permits table.

## Version 6.4.8 <span>(2022-11-15)</span>

Facility notes now reload correctly when changing facilities in the Facility Summary.

A crashing bug was fixed in the fee audit form, and all the annual fees forms got improved AIRS number entry.

## Version 6.4.7 <span>(2022-11-09)</span>

Critical security update.

## Version 6.4.6 <span>(2022-11-07)</span>

Fixed a bug that caused inspection dates to sometime show up incorrectly in search forms and summary lists.

## Version 6.4.5 <span>(2022-10-03)</span>

Fixed a UI bug when viewing closed ACCs.

## Version 6.4.4 <span>(2022-09-20)</span>

Fixed a bug in the permit file uploader.

## Version 6.4.3 <span>(2022-09-12)</span>

Fixed an intractable bug in the Application Tracking form that has plagued SSPP for months (years?).

## Version 6.4.2 <span>(2022-09-07)</span>

There is a new email template in the Title V Tools for SM permit applications.

I also fixed another bug in the Query Generator.

## Version 6.4.1 <span>(2022-08-17)</span>

SSPP managers can now void unpaid permit application fee invoices without involving the fees group. (The IAIP was updated earlier this year to enable invoices to be generated by SSPP staff. Enabling managers to void incorrect invoices allows SSPP to address errors much more quickly.)

This update also fixes a bug in the Title V Tools.

## Version 6.4.0 <span>(2022-08-11)</span>

This updates add a tab to the Facility Summary screen allowing staff to add free-form notes related to a facility, particularly intended to add references for future permit actions.

This one also fixes the public notice options in the Title V Tools, which should now be available for SIP and SM permit applications. This was causing the public notice expiration date to occasionally be changed to an incorrect date.

## Version 6.3.2 <span>(2022-08-04)</span>

Just a fix for a bug when sorting grids.

## Version 6.3.1 <span>(2022-07-13)</span>

This update:

* Attempts to prevent invalid public notice expiration date.
* Fixes a bug in the permit application web publisher tool.
* Adds instructions in the PA/PN document for making an appointment.

## Version 6.3.0 <span>(2022-06-30)</span>

I made it a bit easier to work with expedited permits:

- The permit applications list on the main navigation screen includes a column for expedited permits.
- The permit application log can be filtered and sorted for expedited permits.

I also updated the tables throughout the IAIP so that they can be sorted by multiple columns. As usual, when you click on a column header, the table will be sorted by that column. But now, when you click on a second column header, the table will remember the first sorting and will be sorted by both columns in order. It's a bit hard to explain, but I think you get it.

## Version 6.2.3 <span>(2022-06-23)</span>

This update fixes some more bugs in the Query Generator.

## Version 6.2.2 <span>(2022-06-16)</span>

This update fixes some crashes in the Facility Summary and Query Generator.

## Version 6.2.1 <span>(2022-05-10)</span>

This update fixes several bugs/crashes:

- The ISMU Test Report Admin screen works a little better now.
- Once a test report has been closed, the assigned facility can no longer be changed (preventing erroneous data from being sent to EPA).
- Sometimes the IAIP would crash when it was trying to detect if a network connection was available. I'm hoping it doesn't do that anymore. 🤞
- The IAIP crashed once when someone tried to add a new program/pollutant to a facility. I couldn't reproduce the error, so I'm not 100% sure that it's fixed now, *but it might be!*
- Let's see, what else...
- Oh, this was a weird one. On the main navigation screen, if you click in the table, it fills out the AIRS number in the quick access form below, which is nice right? But then if the next row you click doesn't have an AIRS number, the previous AIRS number stays there in the quick access form. So you would think, OK, if I click to open the facility summary, it should just open that other facility right? But no, if you click to open the facility, it would just crash. Anyway, that's fixed.
- There were a couple bugs in the query generator that are fixed now. Like if you selected to show a rule subpart and also the compliance unit at the same time. You might not think that would be a problem. Or if you selected a county in the *second* county dropdown. (The first dropdown worked fine.) Those are both fixed.

That's about it. Which bugfix was your favorite?

## Version 6.2.0 <span>(2022-04-18)</span>

The permit application fee invoicing workflow has been simplified.

## Version 6.1.2 <span>(2022-04-13)</span>

Fixed an error message in the PA/PN tool that would display if no PN applications were selected.

Added easier access to fee invoices.

## Version 6.1.0 <span>(2022-03-31)</span>

Public notices can now be issued for SIP and SM permit applications.

## Version 6.0.0 <span>(2022-03-23)</span>

📄 The Crystal Reports plugin has been removed and replaced with a new reports generating app. Rather than opening in a stand-alone window, printable reports will now open in a web browser. From there, you can use the built-in browser tools to print the report or save it as a PDF file. Because each report exists as a separate web page, links to each report can be bookmarked and shared publicly.

As part of this change, installation of the IAIP printing tools is no longer required. This means it is no longer necessary to request admin rights to complete the IAIP setup. 

Another benefit of this change is that the size of the IAIP installation files has been reduced from over 60MB to less than 15MB, meaning updates will download more quickly.

## Version 5.27.1 <span>(2022-03-01)</span>

In this update, the PA/PN tool has been updated to use RTF files instead of PDF files.

## Version 5.27.0 <span>(2022-01-27)</span>

Events can be duplicated making it easier to create multiple events with the same details.

## Version 5.26.7 <span>(2022-01-19)</span>

This update restores the ability to copy a facility contact if it needs to be used for multiple contact types.

Additional info was added to one of the Emissions Inventory status tables.
